is the experimental approach, though some theoretical
are probably still cloudy .
issues
In biology my knowledge is weaker still, but I
must nevertheless outline
my present views .
7 June 1962 2P
Living things constitute a main influence on human
represent systems of enormous complexity.
expericate and
complexity of organization is one of the
Enormous
features that set living things apart from inent ones.
main
As objects of scientific interest one is curious to know how
living things originated , how dep developed into their present
forms, and how they work. An attractive working hypothesis
is that they are only complex systems of physical components
by the laws of physics ( including chemistry ) , nothing
governed
more and nothing less . On the molecular level this view ha's
had great successes recently in molecular genetics. So far there
has appeared no obstacle contradicting this hypothesis . It must
be admitted , however , that there are not many detailed
predictions of physics in biology that could furnish a
sensitive test ; some people feel that when such tests are
made, biology will be found to require some new principle.
not already present in physics, though not contradicting
physics . In the meantime one goes ontostudy the properties
living things discovering one marvelous mechanism after
of
another in the complex mechanism that maintains the
delicately balanced conditions for healthy life.
the most pivotal to
What are the questions that seem
me ?
1 ) How did the first living thing appear on earth?
2 ) Are there living things elsewhere in the universe ?
3 ) Is evolution a selection among undirected mutations ?
4) Are favorable mutations propagated only within a species,
or can one species "learn" genetic tricks from another
by analogues of bacterial transformation, transduction, and
conjugation? Or even by cannibilization or eating other species?
5 ) Are there any cases in which learned or otherwise
acquired characteristics become genetically built-in?
6 ) Do the known processes account quantitatively for the
rate at which evolution was proceeded ?