is the experimental approach, though some theoretical
issues ave probably still cloudy.
In biology my knowledge is weaker still, but I
must nevertheless outline my present views.
7 June 1962 29
Living things constitute a main influence on human
experience and represent systems of enormous complexity
Enormous complexity of organization is one of the
main features that set living things apart from inert ones.
As objects of scientific interest one is curious to
Know
how
living things originated how dep developed into their present
forms, and how they work. An attractive working hypothesis
is that they are only complex systems of physical
components
governed by the laws of physics (including chemistry ), nothing
more and nothing less. On the molecular level this view has
had great successes recently in molecular genetics So far there
has appeared no obstacle contradicting this hypothesis, It must
be admitted, however, that there are not wany detailed
predictions of physics in biology that could furnish a
sensitive test, some people feel that when such tests
are
made, biology will be found to require some new principle
not already present in physics, though not contradicting
physics. In the meantime one goes ontostady the properties
of living things discovering one marvelous mechanism after
another in the complex mechanism that maintains the
delicately ba lauced conditions for healthy life.
What are the questions that seem the most pivotal to
me?
1) How did the first living thing appear on earth?
2) Are there living things elsewhere in the universe?
3) Is evolution a selection among undirected mutations?
4) Are favorable mutations propagated only within a species,
or can one species "learn" genetic tricks from another
by analoques of bacterial transformation , transduction, and
conjugation? On even by cannibilization or eating totherspacies?
5) Are there any cases in which learned or otherwise
a required characteristics become genetically buitt-in?
6) Do the Known processes account quantitatively for the
rate at which evolution has proceeded?
