issues
2?
more
are
is the experimental approach, though some theoretical
are probably still cloudy.
In biology my knowledge is weaker still, but I
must never the less outline my present views.
7 June 1962
Living things constitute a main influence
on human
experience and represent systems of enormous complexity
Enormous complexity of organization is one of the
main features that set living things apart from inert ones.
As objects of scientific interest one is curious to know how
living things originated, how dep developed into their present
forms, and how they work. An attractive working hypothesis
is that they only complex systems of physical components
governed by the laws of physics (including chemistry ), nothing
and nothing less. On the molecular level this view ha's
had great successes recently in molecular genetics. So far there
has appeared no obstacle contradicting this hypothesis, It must
be admi Hed, however, that there not
wany
detailed
predictions of physics in biology that could
furnish a
sensitive test; some people feel that when such
tests are
made, biology will be found to require some new principle
not already present in physics, though not contradicting
physics. In the meantime one goes on to study the properties
of living things discovering one marvelous mechanism after
another in the complex mechanism that maintains the
delicately balauced 'conditions for healthy, life,
What are the questions that seem the most pivotal to
me ?
1. How did the first living thing appear on earth?
z) Are there living things elsewhere in the suiverse ?
3) Is evolution รก selection among on directed mutations?
4) Are favorable mutations propagated only within a species,
species "learn genetic tricks from another
by analogues of bacterial transformation, transduction, and
conjugation? Or even by cannibilization or eating other species.?
5) Are there
any
cases in which learned or otherwise
acquired characteristics become genetically built-in?
6) Do the known
account quan
antitatively for the
rate at which evolution nas proceded?
or
can
cue
processes
